[All] (Mac) Add note about npm run dev-server (#1040)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/quickstarts/project-quickstart.md

## Try it out

> [!NOTE]

> > Office Add-ins should use HTTPS, not HTTP, even when you are developing. If you are prompted to install a certificate after you run one of the following commands, accept the prompt to install the certificate that the Yeoman generator provides.

Reviewer: Good catch on the fact that the Mac note is not needed in this article!

Now that there's just one command to run, should change "one of the following commands" -> "the following command" in this note.

Author: ```suggestion
> Office Add-ins should use HTTPS, not HTTP, even when you are developing. If you are prompted to install a certificate after you run the following command, accept the prompt to install the certificate that the Yeoman generator provides.
```

> 1. Run the following command in the root directory of your project. When you run this command, the local web server will start (if it's not already running).

Author: ```suggestion
1. Run the following command in the root directory of your project. When you run this command, the local web server will start.
```
